h3. Welcome to Wizardize

This plugin takes a regular form and creates separate panels out of it based 
on the fieldsets included in the page.

* hides all but the first page
* adds a list of "status buttons" as the first element in the form. Style as 
you see appropriate (or "form ol:first-child { display: none})
* adds "next" and "previous" buttons to each panel
* The regular submit button for the form is moved to the last panel.

That's about it.

h3. Getting Started

1. Download the code from 

<a href="http://github.com/ndp/wizardize/raw/master/public/javascripts/jquery/jquery.wizardize.js">http://github.com/ndp/wizardize/raw/master/public/javascripts/jquery/jquery.wizardize.js</a>

2. Include it in your page

3. Create a form with fieldsets separating out the different panels

4. Wizardize!

   *$('form').wizardize();*
   

   
h3. Options


wizardize accepts an options hash. All values are optional:

*  statusButtonsTemplate: how the status buttons are named. Supports simple
   variable substitution: '$TITLE' is the title tag of the fieldset, "$#" is
   the index of the fieldset. Therefore, to generate status buttons like
   "Step 3: provide your credentials", use "Step $#: $TITLE"
*  statusButtonsSpacer: any html to add between the generated status buttons
   by default the status buttons are just an ordered list of the names of 
   the panels
*  nextButton: name of the next button added to each panel. Defaults to 'Next'.
*  prevButton: name of the previous button added to each panel. 'Previous',
*  nextCallback: function to be called when the user goes to the next panel


h3. Development

Run tests using:

    *rake spec:javascript*

